DDS-1869 [Tree] Fix of QA test (#132)
dsv-rp/DDS: .changeset/wise-rules-kneel.md

---
"@daikin-oss/design-system-web-components": patch
---

> Tree: The problem where tree items could be selected even when no tree section or tree item was selected has been fixed. (DDS-1869)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tree: Fixed an issue where tree items would remain selected after changing the `selectable` property of `daikin-tree` to `false`. (DDS-1869)
```

---

> "@daikin-oss/design-system-web-components": patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@daikin-oss/design-system-web-components": minor
```

---

> Tree: The management of the selected state has changed to use the `selected` attribute of `daikin-tree`. (DDS-1869)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING CHANGE** Tree: The selection status of the tree items is now managed by `selectedItems` property of `daikin-tree`. (DDS-1869)
```

> Tree: The `selected` property has been renamed to `selectedItems`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING CHANGE** Tree: The `selected` property has been removed. Use `selectedItems` instead.
```
